# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   devtools
    #   stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via mkdocs-material
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
backrefs==5.9
    # via mkdocs-material
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
coverage[toml]==7.8.2
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.4
    # via secretstorage
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
devtools==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.21.2
    # via readme-renderer
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   devtools
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via virtualenv
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via mknotebooks
graphviz==0.21 ; platform_system != "Windows"
    # via -r requirements.in
griffe==1.7.3
    # via
    #   griffe-inherited-docstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
griffe-inherited-docstrings==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
html2text==2025.4.15
    # via -r requirements.in
id==1.5.0
    # via twine
identify==2.6.12
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via keyring
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.37.0
    # via ipykernel
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.2.1
    # via keyring
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.9.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   mknotebooks
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
keyring==25.6.0
    # via twine
lxml==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   markdown-callouts
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mknotebooks
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-callouts==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mknotebooks
mkdocs-autorefs==1.4.2
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocs-gen-files==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==9.6.14
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocstrings==0.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.16.12
    # via -r requirements.in
mknotebooks==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
multidict==6.6.2
    # via yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via mknotebooks
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nh3==0.2.21
    # via readme-renderer
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   twine
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   devtools
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pymdown-extensions==10.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via build
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-datadir
    #   pytest-recording
    #   syrupy
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-datadir==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-recording==0.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pre-commit
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   vcrpy
pyyaml-env-tag==1.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via twine
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   id
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   twine
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
setuptools-scm==8.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
syrupy==4.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
    #   setuptools-scm
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
twine==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ty==0.0.1a12
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   black
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   mkdocstrings-python
    #   multidict
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   typer
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   twine
    #   vcrpy
vcrpy==7.0.0
    # via pytest-recording
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via pre-commit
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via vcrpy
yarl==1.20.1
    # via vcrpy
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
